Add no_sign_request for S3Client (#164)
drivendataorg/cloudpathlib: HISTORY.md

# cloudpathlib Changelog

> ## v0.5.1 (unreleased)

Reviewer: I think we want this to be v0.6.0. Per Semver:

> Given a version number MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, increment the:
> 
> 1. MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes,
> 2. **MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner**, and
> 3. PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.

Also we probably just want to release after this is merged, so you can probably replace the `(unreleased)` with the date and bump the version in `setup.py`.

>  - Fix #38 to allow passing `no_sign_request` to `S3Client` so that we can do anonymous requests for public resources on S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added `no_sign_request` parameter to `S3Client` instantiation for anonymous requests for public resources on S3. See [documentation](https://cloudpathlib.drivendata.org/stable/api-reference/s3client/#cloudpathlib.s3.s3client.S3Client.__init__) for more details. ([#164](https://github.com/drivendataorg/cloudpathlib/pull/164))
```
